This page demonstrates the <code>mw.neowiki</code> Lua API for accessing NeoWiki structured data from templates and modules.

The examples use [[Module:NeoWikiDemo]], a demo module included with NeoWiki.

== Reading Property Values ==

<code>mw.neowiki.getValue()</code> returns a single scalar value. <code>mw.neowiki.getAll()</code> returns all values as a table.

{| class="wikitable"
! Property !! getValue !! getAll
|-
| Founded at || {{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|value|Founded at|page=ACME Inc}} || {{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|values|Founded at|page=ACME Inc}}
|-
| Websites || {{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|value|Websites|page=ACME Inc}} || {{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|values|Websites|page=ACME Inc}}
|-
| Products (relations) || {{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|value|Products|page=ACME Inc}} || {{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|values|Products|page=ACME Inc}}
|}

== Full Subject Data ==

<code>mw.neowiki.getMainSubject()</code> returns all data for a Subject as a Lua table, enabling templates to render complete data views.

=== Professional Wiki ===

{{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|subject|Professional Wiki}}

=== ACME Inc ===

{{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|subject|ACME Inc}}

== Child Subjects ==

<code>mw.neowiki.getChildSubjects()</code> returns all non-main Subjects on a page.

Child subjects on [[ACME Inc]]: {{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|children|ACME Inc}}

== Running Cypher Queries ==

<code>mw.neowiki.query()</code> runs a read-only Cypher query and returns each row as a Lua table keyed
by the <code>RETURN</code> aliases. Use it when a single-property lookup is not enough — for example
to join Subjects, sort results, or list all Subjects of a given type.

=== Listing all Companies ===

<syntaxhighlight lang="cypher">
MATCH (n:Company) RETURN n.name, n.id
</syntaxhighlight>

{{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|query|MATCH (n:Company) RETURN n.name, n.id}}

=== Parameterised query: Products available since a given year ===

Templates should always pass values via the <code>params</code> table instead of concatenating into the query string.

<syntaxhighlight lang="lua">
nw.query(
    'MATCH (n:Product) WHERE n.`Available since` >= $year ' ..
        'RETURN n.name AS name, n.`Available since` AS year ORDER BY year',
    { year = 2010 }
)
</syntaxhighlight>

Products available since 2010: {{#invoke:NeoWikiDemo|productsFoundedSince|2010}}

== Module Source ==

The demo module uses these <code>mw.neowiki</code> functions:

<syntaxhighlight lang="lua">
local nw = require( 'mw.neowiki' )

-- Read a single value (always returns a scalar or nil)
nw.getValue( 'Founded at' )             --> 2005
nw.getValue( 'Products' )               --> "Foo" (first value only)

-- Read all values (always returns a 1-indexed table or nil)
nw.getAll( 'Products' )                 --> { "Foo", "Bar", "Baz" }

-- Get full subject data
local s = nw.getMainSubject( 'ACME Inc' )
s.id, s.label, s.schema, s.statements

-- Get child subjects
local children = nw.getChildSubjects( 'ACME Inc' )

-- Run a read-only Cypher query
local rows = nw.query(
    'MATCH (n:Product) WHERE n.`Available since` >= $year RETURN n.name, n.`Available since`',
    { year = 2010 }
)
</syntaxhighlight>

See [[Module:NeoWikiDemo]] for the full source.
