<div style="max-width:1200px; font-size: 1.15rem">
Welcome to the NeoWiki demo wiki!

NeoWiki turns your wiki into a collaborative graph database by letting you store and query structured information.
Information is stored in versioned document form inside wiki pages. The latest version is also stored in
graph databases, via which it can be queried.

NeoWiki is in the experimental proof-of-concept phase. It is not production-ready, public interfaces will change,
big structural changes will happen, and key functionality is still missing.

This demo exists to gather feedback to inform further development.

You can find [https://github.com/ProfessionalWiki/NeoWiki/tree/master/docs technical documentation] in the
[https://github.com/ProfessionalWiki/NeoWiki NeoWiki git repository]. You can also
[https://github.com/ProfessionalWiki/NeoWiki/issues view the issue tracker] or
[https://professional.wiki/en/contact contact Professional Wiki] (the maintainer of NeoWiki).
</div>

== Discover NeoWiki Step by Step ==

Terminology is explained in [https://github.com/ProfessionalWiki/NeoWiki/blob/master/docs/Glossary.md the glossary].

'''As a reader:'''

* View a Subject: [[Professional Wiki]]
* View a Schema: [[Schema:Company]]

'''As an editor:'''

* Edit a Subject: [[Professional Wiki]] (login required)
* Edit a Schema: either via a Subject using it, i.e. [[Professional Wiki]], or directly on the Schema page, i.e. [[Schema:Company]]
* Create a Subject: Create a new page with any content, then click "Create subject" in the NeoWiki section of the sidebar.

'''As a developer:'''

* View Subject JSON: [[Special:NeoJson/ACME_Inc]] (developer UI, normal users will not see JSON. [https://github.com/ProfessionalWiki/NeoWiki/blob/master/docs/SubjectFormat.md View docs])
* Query the graph database: [[Cypher|Cypher raw example]]
* Read values in wikitext: [[Value parser function]]
* Read values in Lua: [[Lua Data Access]]
* [[#REST_API_endpoints|Explore the REST API]]

== European Museums ==

A dataset of European museums, artists, and artworks showcasing cross-schema relations and rich property types.

'''Museums:''' [[Musee dOrsay|Musée d'Orsay]], [[Rijksmuseum]], [[Kunsthistorisches Museum]], [[Museo del Prado]]

'''Artists:''' [[Claude Monet]], [[Vincent van Gogh]], [[Johannes Vermeer]], [[Diego Velazquez|Diego Velázquez]], [[Gustav Klimt]]

'''Artworks:''' [[Water Lilies]], [[Starry Night Over the Rhone|Starry Night Over the Rhône]], [[The Milkmaid]], [[Las Meninas]], [[The Kiss]], [[The Art of Painting]]

'''Exhibitions:''' [[Impressionist Masters]], [[Dutch Golden Age Highlights]]

'''Cities:''' [[Paris]], [[Amsterdam]], [[Vienna]], [[Madrid]]

'''Overview:''' [[Museum Collection]]

== Demo Pages ==

* Simple page with automatic infobox and edit form: [[NeoWiki]], [[ProWiki]]
* Subject with relations: [[Professional Wiki]]
* Multiple subjects per page: [[ACME Inc]]
* Wikibase Statement emulation: [[Berlin]]
* Displaying data from other pages: [[Company Infoboxes]]
* [[Reactive UI example]]

== Schemas and Layouts ==

'''Schemas''' define the structure of your data. For instance, you can define that an Employee has a compensation
in EUR with a value between 0 and 1000000.

* [[Schema:Company]], [[Schema:Product]], [[Schema:Employee]]
* [[Schema:Museum]], [[Schema:Artist]], [[Schema:Artwork]], [[Schema:Exhibition]], [[Schema:Attendance]]
* [[Special:Schemas|View all schemas]]

'''Layouts''' customize how Subjects are displayed by selecting which properties to show and in what order.

* [[Layout:CompanyOverview]]
* [[Special:Layouts|View all layouts]]

== REST API Endpoints ==

An auto-generated OpenAPI 3.0 spec describes the REST API:

* [{{SERVER}}{{SCRIPTPATH}}/rest.php/specs/v0/module/- NeoWiki OpenAPI spec] — <code>/rest.php/specs/v0/module/-</code>
* [{{SERVER}}{{SCRIPTPATH}}/rest.php/specs/v0/discovery Module discovery] — <code>/rest.php/specs/v0/discovery</code>

Example endpoint URL: <code>{{SERVER}}{{SCRIPTPATH}}/rest.php/neowiki/v0/subject/s1demo4sssssss1</code>

=== Read Endpoints ===

* <code>GET /neowiki/v0/subject/{subjectId}</code> Gets the JSON definition of a subject
* <code>GET /neowiki/v0/schema/{schemaName}</code> Gets the JSON definition of a schema

=== Write Endpoints ===

These require a CSRF token, first obtained via <code>api.php?action=query&format=json&meta=tokens&type=csrf</code>

* <code>POST /neowiki/v0/page/{pageId}/mainSubject</code> Creates a new main subject
* <code>POST /neowiki/v0/page/{pageId}/childSubjects</code> Creates a new child subject
* <code>PATCH /neowiki/v0/subject/{subjectId}</code> Updates a subject
* <code>DELETE /neowiki/v0/subject/{subjectId}</code> Deletes a subject

These endpoints are designed for the NeoWiki frontend. They are not a complete general purpose API yet.
